Bitcoin right now in 6 hours is about to
confirm a signal on the chart that has
never happened in the history of
Bitcoin. And I'll be honest, I'm pretty
excited cuz right now I have $600,000 on
long trades. I'm up $31,000 on this
position set up given in the moment in
the Casper Crew VIP Discord. I'm up
another $12,000 on this position set up
given in advance in the Casper Crew VIP
Discord. And this never before Bitcoin
signal absolutely has the potential to
give us a significant push to the
upside. So make sure to like the video,
subscribe to the channel, and click the
bell for notifications because we are
bringing you the juiciest Bitcoin and
crypto updates here on YouTube. This is
the Bitcoin all-time index. And the
first chart I want to look at is the
Market Cipher B oscillator on the weekly
time frame. Now we are right now
printing a signal that has only happened
once before in Bitcoin's history. And
that is of course the bullish divergence
on the weekly time frame. Bullish
divergence is where the price makes a
lower low and our momentum oscillator
makes a higher low after printing a nice
big bottom. You can see this big green
dot right here. Well, we're doing the
same thing right now. We have a big
green dot right here and we are about to
confirm in 6 hours a bullish divergence
as the price has made a lower low, our
oscillator has made a higher low. Now,
there is a signal printing that has
never happened before. We're going to
get to that in a second, but the last
time and the only time this weekly
bullish divergence happened, it just so
happened to be the exact bottom of the
bear market. So of course this raises
the question, is this confirmed signal
that's about to happen in 6 hours going
to mark the bottom of the bear market?
Well, to answer that question more
thoroughly, I think we need some more
data. So let's go ahead and put on the
history of the 4-year Bitcoin cycle. You
will notice a very specific pattern
here, which is 365
days after the Bitcoin all-time high, we
bottom out typically coming down right
around the 786
Fibonacci retracement. All right, you
can see that back here in 2013, we make
the all-time high of the cycle, and then
the bottom happens about a year later as
we come down and we make that weekly
close right here
at around the $200 level, right around
the 786 Fibonacci retracement.
We see the same pattern repeating in the
2017-2018
all-time high, and then about 365 days
later, the Bitcoin price finds its
bottom right around the 786 Fibonacci
retrace at around $4,500.
Now, fast forward to November 2021,
Bitcoin hits its all-time high, and 365
days later, we find our bottom right
around the Fibonacci 786 retracement.
Now, fast forward to this cycle.
Typically, after our high on October
6th, 2025, well, if the pattern's going
to repeat, then we would expect that 365
days to come in right here, right around
the beginning of October. And if it's
going to also repeat and hit that 786
Fibonacci level, well, we would expect
it to dip down towards the $40,000
level. However, right now, we are about
to confirm a bullish divergence before
the 365 days has elapsed from the
all-time high and before we come down to
the 786 Fibonacci. So, what does this
mean? This means we have a divergence on
the oscillator, but the cycle itself,
the pattern that repeats every 4 years,
well, it's a little bit early to say the
bottom is in because if the pattern's
going to repeat, well, we still have
about another 77 days or so before we
would expect that bottom to come in and
before we would hit our target around
the 786 Fibonacci retrace towards the
$40,000 level. So, this is exactly how I
am positioning myself right now in spot
Bitcoin in order to take full advantage
of the next bull market. So, the
question is should we be buying Bitcoin
right now? Well, let me just say this.
From the all-time high at $126,000,
we've had more than a 50% drawdown so
far in this bear market. And anything
50% or more of a drawdown is objectively
speaking a good price to buy. Now, back
in November 2025,
I told everybody I'm happy I sold 120k
and I'm not going to buy until we're
under $70,000.
Check back in February to see if I'm
smart or not, of course. On February
6th, like clockwork, that's when we
actually dipped below $70,000 and I did
short literally the exact top of
Bitcoin. You can see my juicy entry
right here, right around $126,000.
This was all live-streamed and I gave
the trade signal in the moment in the
CasperCrew VIP Discord. From the exact
top, just a quick reminder guys, if you
want to trade Bitcoin and altcoins, KCS
has the lowest fees ever. No KYC, no
VPN, 0% limit order, 0.01% market order.
Also, BitBase is giving you VIP level
seven fees
if you use my link. These are very, very
low fees and they're also giving away
$500 every single week to you guys. So,
if you sign up using my link to BitBase,
every single week during my live
streams, you're eligible for a $500
giveaway. Also, I'm trading on Antarctic
decentralized exchange. It's a DEX, so
you don't have to put your money on any
other platform. It all stays in your own
wallet. But, if you use my link, you get
to enjoy 0% limit order, 0.02% market
order. Make sure to check it out if
you're interested in the pinned comment
and description of the video.
Now, when it comes to timing these
four-year cycles, I think it's very
important for us to understand that we
don't have to time the exact top or the
exact bottom to make money. And if we
take a look at the chart, the pattern
that plays out is we form a base of
support within the bull market. And once
we lose that, that's actually the time
to start buying. So, you could see back
here, back in 2013, we have this support
forming at around $330.
As soon as we lose that, we actually end
up with another 50% drop to the
downside. But, if you had just bought
while we were under this green line in
general, even if you bought the exact
green line, you still would have made
out beautifully in the bull market. Now,
of course, right here we have this bull
market support at around $5,800.
If you just buy at that green line and
DCA below it, I mean, you're making out
beautifully. You're you're over 1,000%
in the next bull market. We go back to
2022.
If we buy the green line after losing
this bull market support, even if we buy
the exact green line, you know, that's a
beautiful 345% gain during the bull
market. Now, right now you can see that
we are underneath
this bull market support. All right, so
we have a 50% move to the downside. We
are underneath this area. The fact that
we are under $70,000
for me is my first spot buy in Bitcoin.
And of course, in February, when we got
this first low, that was my first spot
buy. And in my opinion right now, it's
undeniable that the bottom is very close
to being in, if it's not in already. I
mean, we have the weekly market cycle be
bullish divergence I already showed you.
Right now, we look at the monthly
stochastic RSI and we can see that it is
completely bottomed out. It only comes
down into this territory every time we
are at a bottom. Can we get another
massive drop on Bitcoin and a
continuation of this bear market? I
think it's very, very unlikely so long
as the stochastic RSI in the monthly is
so oversold. Could we see lower prices
on Bitcoin? Absolutely, and I'm going to
touch on that in the second. But, my
point right now is if we're trying to
build a spot position for the next bull
market, number one, we're under the bull
market support. Number two, the
stochastic RSI is in the bottomed out
territory. Number three, Market Cipher B
is giving us a historic bullish signal.
And we're also seeing the monthly Market
Cipher B very, very bottomed out as
well. So, here is my exact plan. Yes,
I'm in Bitcoin on spot as we have lost
$70,000 from February. And I am still
hoping, based on our four-year cycle,
that we can get one more big drop to the
downside,
hopefully coming near or around that
$40,000 in the beginning of October. In
fact, I'm expecting this bear market to
continue for the rest of 2026.
I don't expect that in August and
September we're going to see any kind of
massive bullish action here. What I do
think is more probable is that we start
to form an accumulation type range where
we see
boring, sideways, and still kind of
bearish price action around here. Where
eventually we dip down into our box,
right? So, I would expect something like
this. Perhaps this bullish divergence on
the weekly does give us a move back up
to the mid-80s. This would be considered
like a bull trap, right? Then maybe we
could see another big drop making
another low into our box, and then come
back up into the range for a while, and
then we make a higher low, and then
eventually we break out. And that would
give us like a really nice accumulation
range, a really nice rounded bottom, a
very beautiful consolidation with very
bottomed out signals before entering
into our next bull market. This would
allow us to, number one,
you know, chop up some retail traders.
Get people bullish at the highs, get
people bearish at the lows. But, for us
who are paying attention, this is
actually going to allow us to build a
position or accumulate in the
accumulation range, right? Accumulation
number one right here. This was also a
good place to buy. I mean, obviously we
took a long trade from there in the
Casper Crew VIP Discord on the 25th of
June when we made that lower low. I'm
currently up right now 31 grand on the
trade. I've already locked in 11 grand
on the trade. So, we're up over 40 grand
on that trade. Maybe this could be the
low, but I feel like because of where we
are in the 4-year cycle, it's more
probable that we chop around a little
bit and then as we come into this green
box, this is where I will be heavily
uh moving my USDT back into Bitcoin to
ride it up to new all-time highs. And
the closer we get to $40,000, the more
aggressively I'll be buying. So, I'm
about 1/3 in right now of my dry powder
into Bitcoin. And every drop we get
leading up to the fall, I will be
putting more into Bitcoin. And really,
I'm I'm looking for that 78.78.6%
retrace
because again, every single time in
history, this is the this blue line
here. This is where we come to. Last
time it was that blue line that we came
to that really gave us that significant
bottom. So, the way I'm approaching this
now is I'm recognizing the bull signs.
I'm recognizing the discount that we
have. I'm starting to build my position,
but I'm still trusting that 4-year cycle
and I'm still hoping and I want to make
that very clear. I could it may not
happen here. Maybe the bottom is in, but
I'm still hoping and trusting in the
pattern that's played out so that we do
get another drop in the late summer or
the fall and that will allow us to get
in a better entry price so we can make
more gains on the way up.
>> So, there you have it, guys. That is
what I'm looking for as we head into
this next bull market for Bitcoin. So,
that's it for the video. Like,
subscribe, click the bell, and may God
bless everyone in the name of Jesus,
Yeshua the Messiah.
I pray you and your family are super
blessed in many ways, and I will see
everybody in the next video. Peace.
Peace out, man.
Sheesh. Peace. Sheesh. Cheese. Squeeze.
Please.
I like to rhyme with things. Hey, you're
still here. That's cool. You know what?
You're one of the cool people. You're
one of the cool people. You're awesome.